id
inner
inner.completeDefinition
inner.definitionData
inner.definitionData.canPassInRegisters
inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsImplicit
inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.exists
inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.needsImplicit
inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.trivial
inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.definitionData.dtor.irrelevant
inner.definitionData.dtor.needsImplicit
inner.definitionData.dtor.simple
inner.definitionData.dtor.trivial
inner.definitionData.hasVariantMembers
inner.definitionData.isAggregate
inner.definitionData.isLiteral
inner.definitionData.isPOD
inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.definitionData.isTrivial
inner.definitionData.isTriviallyCopyable
inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.definitionData.moveAssign.exists
inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsImplicit
inner.definitionData.moveAssign.simple
inner.definitionData.moveAssign.trivial
inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.definitionData.moveCtor.exists
inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsImplicit
inner.definitionData.moveCtor.simple
inner.definitionData.moveCtor.trivial
inner.hasBraces
inner.id
inner.inline
inner.inner
inner.inner.aliasee
inner.inner.bases
inner.inner.bases.access
inner.inner.bases.isVirtual
inner.inner.bases.type
inner.inner.bases.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.bases.type.qualType
inner.inner.bases.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.bases.writtenAccess
inner.inner.completeDefinition
inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.definitionData
inner.inner.definitionData.canConstDefaultInit
inner.inner.definitionData.canPassInRegisters
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.nonTrivial
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.userDeclared
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.defaultedIsConstexpr
inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.exists
inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.isConstexpr
inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.trivial
inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.userProvided
inner.inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.irrelevant
inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.simple
inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.trivial
inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.definitionData.hasConstexprNonCopyMoveConstructor
inner.inner.definitionData.hasMutableFields
inner.inner.definitionData.hasUserDeclaredConstructor
inner.inner.definitionData.hasVariantMembers
inner.inner.definitionData.isAbstract
inner.inner.definitionData.isAggregate
inner.inner.definitionData.isEmpty
inner.inner.definitionData.isLiteral
inner.inner.definitionData.isPOD
inner.inner.definitionData.isPolymorphic
inner.inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.inner.definitionData.isTrivial
inner.inner.definitionData.isTriviallyCopyable
inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.exists
inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.nonTrivial
inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.simple
inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.trivial
inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.userDeclared
inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.exists
inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.simple
inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.trivial
inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.explicitlyDefaulted
inner.inner.explicitlyDeleted
inner.inner.fixedUnderlyingType
inner.inner.fixedUnderlyingType.qualType
inner.inner.hasBraces
inner.inner.id
inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.index
inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inline
inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.access
inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.bases
inner.inner.inner.bases.access
inner.inner.inner.bases.isVirtual
inner.inner.inner.bases.type
inner.inner.inner.bases.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.bases.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.bases.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.bases.writtenAccess
inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.cc
inner.inner.inner.completeDefinition
inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.id
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.kind
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.name
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.kind
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.definitionData
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canConstDefaultInit
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canPassInRegisters
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.defaultedIsConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.exists
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.userProvided
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.irrelevant
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasConstexprNonCopyMoveConstructor
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasMutableFields
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasUserDeclaredConstructor
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasVariantMembers
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isAbstract
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isAggregate
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isEmpty
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isLiteral
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isPOD
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isPolymorphic
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isTrivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isTriviallyCopyable
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.exists
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.exists
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDefaulted
inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDeleted
inner.inner.inner.fixedUnderlyingType
inner.inner.inner.fixedUnderlyingType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.fixedUnderlyingType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.fixedUnderlyingType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.hasBraces
inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inherited
inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inline
inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.access
inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.bases
inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.access
inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.writtenAccess
inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.cc
inner.inner.inner.inner.completeDefinition
inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.const
inner.inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canConstDefaultInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canPassInRegisters
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.defaultedIsConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.userProvided
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.irrelevant
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasConstexprNonCopyMoveConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasMutableFields
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasUserDeclaredConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasVariantMembers
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isAggregate
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isEmpty
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isLiteral
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isPOD
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isPolymorphic
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isTriviallyCopyable
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.delegatingInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.delegatingInit.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.delegatingInit.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDefaulted
inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDeleted
inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.hasVar
inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited
inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from
inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inline
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.access
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.bases
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.access
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.bases.writtenAccess
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.cc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.cleanupsHaveSideEffects
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.completeDefinition
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.const
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canConstDefaultInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canPassInRegisters
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.defaultedIsConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.irrelevant
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasConstexprNonCopyMoveConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasUserDeclaredConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasVariantMembers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isAggregate
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isEmpty
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isLiteral
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isPOD
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isTriviallyCopyable
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsOverloadResolution
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.exceptionSpec
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDefaulted
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDeleted
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasVar
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.initStyle
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inline
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.adl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.boundToLValueRef
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.cc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.cleanupsHaveSideEffects
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.completeDefinition
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canConstDefaultInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canPassInRegisters
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.defaultedIsConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor.userProvided
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.irrelevant
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasConstexprNonCopyMoveConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasUserDeclaredConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isAggregate
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isEmpty
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isLiteral
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isPOD
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isTriviallyCopyable
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.exists
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDefaulted
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDeleted
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasVar
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.initStyle
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inline
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.baseInit.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.boundToLValueRef
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.cc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.cleanupsHaveSideEffects
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.completeDefinition
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.inherited from.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canConstDefaultInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasUserDeclaredConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDefaulted
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasVar
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.initStyle
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inline
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.boundToLValueRef
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDefaulted
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasVar
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inherited from.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.initStyle
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inline
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.boundToLValueRef
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.cleanupsHaveSideEffects
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.completeDefinition
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canConstDefaultInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasUserDeclaredConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.initStyle
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.boundToLValueRef
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.cleanupsHaveSideEffects
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.completeDefinition
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.defaultArg.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.canConstDefaultInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyAssign.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.hasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.implicitHasConstParam
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.needsImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.simple
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.copyCtor.trivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.defaultCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.irrelevant
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.nonTrivial
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.dtor.userDeclared
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.hasUserDeclaredConstructor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.isStandardLayout
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveAssign
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.definitionData.moveCtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.explicitlyDefaulted
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.initStyle
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inline
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.boundToLValueRef
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.conversionFunc.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.anyInit.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.boundToLValueRef
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeLHSType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.computeResultType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.foundReferencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.argType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hasElse
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.dtor.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.init
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.constructionKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.containsUnexpandedPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ctorType.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.depth
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.hadMultipleCandidates
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.implicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.canOverflow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.castKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.decl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.pack_index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.pack_index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.temp
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrayAsWritten
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.temp
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.pack_index
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.temp
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrayAsWritten
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.temp
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.zeroing
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isGlobal
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPlacement
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.list
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.mangledName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path.isVirtual
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.temp
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.typeArg
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.typeArg.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.zeroing
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isGlobal
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPlacement
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.list
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nrvo
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.temp
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.zeroing
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrayAsWritten
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isGlobal
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPlacement
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.list
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.mangledName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nrvo
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path.isVirtual
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageClass
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.temp
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.zeroing
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrayAsWritten
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isGlobal
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isParameterPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPlacement
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.list
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.mangledName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nrvo
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.parentDeclContextId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.previousDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.size
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageClass
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.temp
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.variadic
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.visibility
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrayAsWritten
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isParameterPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.list
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.mangledName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.message
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nrvo
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorNewDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.parentDeclContextId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.path.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.previousDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageClass
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageDuration
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.zeroing
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isAlias
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrayAsWritten
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrow
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isGlobal
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isParameterPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPartOfExplicitCast
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPlacement
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.mangledName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.member
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nonOdrUseReason
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.nrvo
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.operatorDeleteDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.parentDeclContextId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.previousDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.refQualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedMemberDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.storageClass
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.transformKind
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.variadic
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.virtual
inner.inner.inner.inner.inner.volatile
inner.inner.inner.inner.isArray
inner.inner.inner.inner.isArrayAsWritten
inner.inner.inner.inner.isConstexpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.isData
inner.inner.inner.inner.isDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.inner.isFunction
inner.inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.inner.isInstantiationDependent
inner.inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.isParameterPack
inner.inner.inner.inner.isPostfix
inner.inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.mangledName
inner.inner.inner.inner.message
inner.inner.inner.inner.mutable
inner.inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.parentDeclContextId
inner.inner.inner.inner.previousDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.pure
inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifier
inner.inner.inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.size
inner.inner.inner.inner.storageClass
inner.inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.inner.target
inner.inner.inner.inner.target.id
inner.inner.inner.inner.target.kind
inner.inner.inner.inner.target.name
inner.inner.inner.inner.target.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.target.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.templateName
inner.inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.inner.variadic
inner.inner.inner.inner.virtual
inner.inner.inner.inner.visibility
inner.inner.inner.inner.volatile
inner.inner.inner.inner.zeroing
inner.inner.inner.isExpr
inner.inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.inner.isInline
inner.inner.inner.isNested
inner.inner.inner.isPack
inner.inner.inner.isParameterPack
inner.inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.inner.language
inner.inner.inner.list
inner.inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.loc.file
inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.lookups
inner.inner.inner.lookups.id
inner.inner.inner.lookups.kind
inner.inner.inner.lookups.name
inner.inner.inner.mangledName
inner.inner.inner.message
inner.inner.inner.mutable
inner.inner.inner.name
inner.inner.inner.opcode
inner.inner.inner.originalNamespace
inner.inner.inner.originalNamespace.id
inner.inner.inner.originalNamespace.kind
inner.inner.inner.originalNamespace.name
inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.parentDeclContextId
inner.inner.inner.previousDecl
inner.inner.inner.pure
inner.inner.inner.range
inner.inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.presumedLine
inner.inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl
inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.id
inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.kind
inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.name
inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type
inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.referencedDecl.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.scopedEnumTag
inner.inner.inner.storageClass
inner.inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.inner.target
inner.inner.inner.target.id
inner.inner.inner.target.kind
inner.inner.inner.target.name
inner.inner.inner.target.type
inner.inner.inner.target.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.type
inner.inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.inner.usesADL
inner.inner.inner.value
inner.inner.inner.valueCategory
inner.inner.inner.variadic
inner.inner.inner.virtual
inner.inner.inner.visibility
inner.inner.inner.zeroing
inner.inner.isBitfield
inner.inner.isImplicit
inner.inner.isInline
inner.inner.isReferenced
inner.inner.isUsed
inner.inner.kind
inner.inner.language
inner.inner.loc
inner.inner.loc.col
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.loc.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.loc.file
inner.inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.loc.line
inner.inner.loc.offset
inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc
inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.loc.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.loc.tokLen
inner.inner.mangledName
inner.inner.name
inner.inner.nominatedNamespace
inner.inner.nominatedNamespace.id
inner.inner.nominatedNamespace.kind
inner.inner.nominatedNamespace.name
inner.inner.originalNamespace
inner.inner.originalNamespace.id
inner.inner.originalNamespace.kind
inner.inner.originalNamespace.name
inner.inner.ownedTagDecl
inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.id
inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.kind
inner.inner.ownedTagDecl.name
inner.inner.parentDeclContextId
inner.inner.previousDecl
inner.inner.qualifiers
inner.inner.range
inner.inner.range.begin
inner.inner.range.begin.col
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.range.begin.file
inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.range.begin.line
inner.inner.range.begin.offset
inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.inner.range.end
inner.inner.range.end.col
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.range.end.line
inner.inner.range.end.offset
inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.inner.scopedEnumTag
inner.inner.size
inner.inner.storageClass
inner.inner.tagUsed
inner.inner.target
inner.inner.target.id
inner.inner.target.kind
inner.inner.target.name
inner.inner.target.type
inner.inner.target.type.qualType
inner.inner.type
inner.inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.inner.type.qualType
inner.inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
inner.inner.variadic
inner.inner.visibility
inner.isImplicit
inner.isReferenced
inner.isUsed
inner.kind
inner.language
inner.loc
inner.loc.col
inner.loc.expansionLoc
inner.loc.expansionLoc.col
inner.loc.expansionLoc.file
inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.loc.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.loc.expansionLoc.isMacroArgExpansion
inner.loc.expansionLoc.line
inner.loc.expansionLoc.offset
inner.loc.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.loc.file
inner.loc.includedFrom
inner.loc.includedFrom.file
inner.loc.line
inner.loc.offset
inner.loc.spellingLoc
inner.loc.spellingLoc.col
inner.loc.spellingLoc.file
inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.loc.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.loc.spellingLoc.line
inner.loc.spellingLoc.offset
inner.loc.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.loc.tokLen
inner.mangledName
inner.name
inner.nominatedNamespace
inner.nominatedNamespace.id
inner.nominatedNamespace.kind
inner.nominatedNamespace.name
inner.originalNamespace
inner.originalNamespace.id
inner.originalNamespace.kind
inner.originalNamespace.name
inner.previousDecl
inner.range
inner.range.begin
inner.range.begin.col
inner.range.begin.expansionLoc
inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.col
inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.file
inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.line
inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.offset
inner.range.begin.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.range.begin.includedFrom
inner.range.begin.includedFrom.file
inner.range.begin.line
inner.range.begin.offset
inner.range.begin.spellingLoc
inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.col
inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.file
inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.line
inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.offset
inner.range.begin.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.range.begin.tokLen
inner.range.end
inner.range.end.col
inner.range.end.expansionLoc
inner.range.end.expansionLoc.col
inner.range.end.expansionLoc.file
inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom
inner.range.end.expansionLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.range.end.expansionLoc.line
inner.range.end.expansionLoc.offset
inner.range.end.expansionLoc.tokLen
inner.range.end.includedFrom
inner.range.end.includedFrom.file
inner.range.end.line
inner.range.end.offset
inner.range.end.spellingLoc
inner.range.end.spellingLoc.col
inner.range.end.spellingLoc.file
inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom
inner.range.end.spellingLoc.includedFrom.file
inner.range.end.spellingLoc.line
inner.range.end.spellingLoc.offset
inner.range.end.spellingLoc.tokLen
inner.range.end.tokLen
inner.storageClass
inner.tagUsed
inner.type
inner.type.desugaredQualType
inner.type.qualType
inner.type.typeAliasDeclId
kind
loc
range
range.begin
range.end
